hey everyone welcome to the third ever
episode of keys from Keynotes this was
such a fun conversation I had the chance
to interview swish goswami whose resume
and list of accomplishments is
incredibly long and impressive he's an
entrepreneur he's the host of a podcast
called track limits and when he has any
spare time he's also a great public
speaker who many companies are looking
to hire out on a regular basis and we
talked about all sorts of things swish
dispelled this rumor or myth that every
entrepreneur is automatically a good
public speaker and he talked about how
he's been working on this skill set
since seventh grade when he joined
Debate Club he talks about whether he
gets nervous before presenting he talks
about why he chooses not to use slides
or visuals in most of his presentations
then we dive into the difference between
digital presentations and in person
giving a speech over Zoom versus in
front of a room full of people standing
on a stage and finally we get into
switch's most embarrassing speaking
moments which are
hilarious and so much more you're going
to want to listen or watch this episode
in its entirety because there's so much
great value and it's just a fun
conversation to listen to enjoy well hi
there and welcome to keys from Keynotes
an interview series that Taps into the
knowledge and expertise from some of the
world's greatest public speakers and on
this the third episode of keys from
Keynotes I'm joined by swish goswami who
is first and foremost an entrepreneur
currently swish is CEO and co-founder of
surf which is a tech company that
compensates people for their data
passively and anonymously but that is
only the beginning of the list of
accolades for swish by the age of 25 he
had started six high impact Ventures
across four Industries he's been named
to Bay Street Bulls 30 under 30
recognized as startup Canada's young
entrepreneur of the year and awarded
with United Nations outstanding youth
leadership award he's also host of track
limits and in whatever spare time he has
left swish as a powerful public speaker
which will be the focus of our
conversation today swish welcome to keys
from
Keynotes thanks so much appreciate it
it's great to reconnect with you w be a
couple of years but I'm very excited to
chat with you again yeah thanks so much
for doing this I want to start off with
a conversation you were having on a
podcast from a few months ago and you
said that there's a bit of a
misconception sometimes that
entrepreneurs are automatically strong
public speakers and you said for you
that's not been the case you've been
working on this skill since 7th grade
when you join debate first off why do
you think that that misconception
exists well I think when you think of
entrepreneurs you think of them as
extroverted right you think of someone
in a boardroom that's commanding
authoritative someone who can pitch
someone that can easily answer questions
on the Fly um I don't think that's wrong
to be fair like most CEOs especially do
have leadership qualities that they
adopt over time U most CEOs tend to be
fairly outspoken people um there are
obviously exceptions by the way to this
rule but generally I do see a lot of
commonality between great public
speakers and great CEOs or great
entrepreneurs in general but I do think
that public speaking like anything is an
art and it's an art that you need to
practice you need to learn you know
anyone can go up and give them a piece
of paper and they'll talk but how many
people will actually go out of their way
to memorize their speech how many people
will go out of their way to move around
while speaking how many people will use
hand motions properly and not in in a in
a pretentious or in a way that's way too
much how many people are actually going
to look into the eyes of the audience
while they're giving you know the most
dramatic part of their speech how many
people are going to pause how many
people are going to make jokes
throughout that are spontaneous not
scripted this is all the art of public
speaking that you really only learn as
you start to do it more and more and
like you mentioned I started with debate
back in grade seven and I don't think I
am the world's best sounding person I
have a list you know I have a hard time
saying S's and rs I still have that
problem to this very day but I think for
me the biggest thing that I've honed in
on is twofold one I'm very authentic to
who I am on stage so you really do get
what you what you see you know I come
and I present in not an artificial
manner I present as if if I'm just
having a beer with my friend and that's
my Persona and demeanor on stage as well
um and secondly I try to focus more not
on how I'm saying something but what I'm
saying the core substance behind my talk
is where I feel like I'm quite different
than a lot of other public speakers um a
lot of whom might also be full-time and
might not have a lot of experience now
you know talking about things that
they've done constantly every single day
you know for me given the fact that
public speaking is more of a thigh
career it's cool for me to be able still
talk about lessons I'm learning as an
entrepreneur because I'm actively
learning new lessons almost every single
week if not every single month that I
can then share on stage so how did that
seventh grade debate help you at the
time and then since then is this
something you've continually worked on
or how do you continue to hone that
skill yeah great question um seventh
grade I mean joining debate was such an
incredible opportunity for me my brother
candidly is a huge influenc here he's
born a half years older when I joined
debate in grade seven he had won the
world competition for debate in qar and
he was in grade 12 at the time um a lot
of pressure already set on me to do well
and debate but you know I ended up doing
fairly well join Team Canada like him in
grade 10 I sadly never won worlds but I
I would made it to the final in grade 12
against Singapore I lost sadly but um it
was still great to be able to represent
my country to debate at various
competitions and again debate was you
know one of those things where I also
started realizing what my special sauce
was and when it came to debate you know
I really tried balancing how kind of
dynamic I was and the speaker you know
like I try to make sure that if I if I
was a judge I wouldn't try to bore them
and a lot of Debaters they're very
technical they'll show up in a very
formal way they'll debate in a very
formal way I'm way more animated you
know I'm way more loose uh I use slang
words uh I am professional in certain
context but like I tried to make it a
little bit more fun you know when you
heard me talk you were going to laugh
you going to smile but you hopefully
were also going to take away some
important nuggets that ideally would
allow us to win the debate um so I
realized that very quickly that you know
I'm not the smartest in the room I'm not
the best sounding person why don't I try
Bridging the Gap between the two and try
to be a hybrid of both and and that's
what worked well for me in debate um
even to this very day though yeah I do
practice public speaking I do maybe two
or three talks a month um sometimes it's
virtual which has been a totally
different Beast by the way for our
industry to be able to figure out
how to keep people engaged virtually on
Zoom uh and then obviously most of the
time it's it's in person and I think
when you come out of a speech you
already know in your gut whether it was
a good talk or not like I'm very
critical of myself sometimes too where
I'll come out and I'll be like you know
that could have got a lot better and
I'll actually write notes like how it
could have gotten better so I kind of if
I give that same talk the next time I
remember what to focus on maybe there
are two or three things that I really
need to focus on the next time you get
nervous nervous before you present
absolutely 100% there's not a single
talk I've given where I haven't felt
nervous before um it's not nerves to the
point where like I can't speak or like
I'm I'm breaking out into cold sweats
but it's more nerves as in like I don't
eat or drink anything before my talk
like I can't have if there if there was
a talk at 2 pm I'm not having lunch
before like I can't do that um and I
caught some really cool advice from my
mother on this she was like you know one
way to look at why you're nervous is
people who are nervous especially before
public speaking it might be because you
actually care about your talk like you
care so much about leaving the best
impression or delivering the best
message possible which is why you're
nervous and for me I I actually believe
that like I don't generally care what
people think about me I don't care how
they perceive me too much I think it's
more of like I get nervous because I've
had moments in the past where I'm like I
smash it out of the park and it's always
the nerves going in to be like can I can
I can I live up to that expectation I
have for myself now based on what i'
what I know I'm capable of um so it's
almost like a challenge going into a
talk to make sure that you know you're
delivering the best performance you're
delivering the best speech um especially
if you've done it before that you're not
you know declining in performance uh and
obviously I care so I think that's
probably why I'm nervous before I go up
the first time I had the chance to see
you speak it was probably now 8 years
ago seven years ago something like that
it was at a Remax event and I thought
you did it did an incredible job but one
thing that impressed me probably beyond
anything else was the fact you used I
think zero visuals so you just stood on
stage for an hour and you talked and you
were able to keep the audience engaged
is that something you typically do like
is that your kind of go-to or do you
like to rely on visuals and then the
part two to that question is it seems
like it would be much harder to keep the
audience's attention without those
visuals so how do you overcome that
yeah it's a good question there's two
answers to this I think one is like my
real answer and the second is kind of a
side answer the real answer is I do find
visuals to be distracting this is just
me as an audience member like when I was
growing up and anytime a keynote speaker
would come to our high school even to
come and give a talk um I found myself
losing attention and kind of looking at
the visuals and maybe you know focusing
more on what was on the slide than what
the speaker was talking about um so for
me I found that if I can charismatic
enough if I can give a message that's
fairly unique novel different if I can
really like move around look at people
in the eye to re-engage them because
that is a big part of it right like you
don't want to just be staring at one
part of the wall which is what a lot of
public speakers do and they look like
you know they look very like they don't
look down they don't look to the side
they don't look in the back they don't
look at people in the eye you know which
if I was an audience member and I'm just
seeing someone look literally right by
me and not at me I'd probably lose
interest after 105 minutes so there's
small things that I try to do to be able
to kind of mitigate any risk of people
losing kind of focus and attention um
the second kind of side answer is I'm
also just lazy you know so when it comes
to putting together a slide deck um
again you know public speaking is not my
full-time career uh and there's
obviously so much happening across Surf
and across the podcast and a lot of the
volunteering that I do for League of
innovators or Covenant House that takes
for me a bigger priority right now than
public speaking so I wish that I could
you know maybe this is not even like I
wish I could have time because I think
anyone could make time if you really
really were focused on it and then it's
really important to you but I I do think
that if I spend a bit more time perhaps
I would put together a slide deck that I
was really excited about but I can
guarantee you that even if I did that it
would have no more than like three or
four slides and the slides would be like
videos that I would call people's
attention to once and then not reference
it again um because again I don't want
to have 15 16 slides and rely more on
that to keep people engaged than than my
talk and my persona and my demeanor on
stage first off I find it hilarious that
you call yourself lazy given all the
things you've got on the go but in that
aspect yeah yeah well what's what's
interesting as well and and you know you
gave a very good reason for that the
fact that there's this the distraction
element on the first episode of this
series I chatted with Jazelle ardi and
she was talking about challenging
speakers to have an unplugged version of
their speech because what for all the
what ifs right what if the AV is not
working what if the slideshow is not
working that kind of thing thoughts so
for you has that ever happened I mean
for you it sounds like you've usually
got your presentation without the
visuals anyways but is that part of the
reason as well no not really no I I've
have never had an AV system or anything
fail on me um I kid you not it's really
just because I I a don't think it's that
valuable for the type of talk I give
that I really again I pride myself on
being intimate I pride myself on being
very like you know interactive with the
audience I ask a lot of questions I get
people to put their hand up a blot I I
interact with the audience if I see
someone laugh I'll call them out you
know I'll ask them what their name is I
I try to understand you know the kind of
room itself in terms of getting to know
people's backgrounds and stuff through
my talk so that's what I like to do
right and I'm actually unorthodox in a
few other ways like I I don't like
wireless mics I like a handheld mic and
I think it's because I grew up watching
so much stand-up comedy and no stand-up
comedian tends to have a wireless mic um
I love having a handheld mic I love
slapping the handheld mic on my knee to
make that kind of sound when you want to
be able to get people to laugh um I I
like Fireside Chats now quite a bit too
like I I think again going back to your
point on around engagement and keeping
the audience engaged you know if
somebody says hey let's do a 60-minute
keynote I'll just say no I'm not doing a
one hour keynote um I'll do a maximum 30
minutes for a keynote I love going in a
Q&A after that's in my opinion the most
valuable part of any talk is people
asking questions that are really rooted
in their experience and what they want
to hear and what their context is but I
like a fireside chat too to be fair so
whenever people are like you want to do
a 30-minute keynote I'm like do you want
to just do a fireside chat like you guys
come up with the questions you can ask
me about anything don't share the
questions with me beforehand by the way
let's keep the conversation very
spontaneous but that way at least you're
going back and forth so the audience is
hearing two different voices and I love
moderators as well that have their own
experiences that they bring up through
the context of whatever it is I'm
talking about so they're kind of getting
to share their own experience as well
that in my opinion is the best medium
where I feel like I also Shine the
most for me I find that quite admirable
because for speaking Q&A is one of the
parts that makes me nervous and I
embrace it however the reason it makes
me nervous is that's the part you can't
really prepare for right you don't know
what types of questions are coming how
do you approach that if you do get a
question from time to time that maybe
it's over your head you don't know the
answer how do you deal with that yeah
just say just say you don't know going
back to you know you you get what you
get with me like if I don't know the
answer to your question I'll just tell
you right away I don't know I'll
obviously try to give my best guess like
I do preface it by saying you know I
don't know but here's what I think but
take it with a grain of salt um but I
think it's important right like I I I
think in today's world like we need to
look at public speakers on stage and not
idolize them as gods or experts I hate
that word by the way because I don't
think truly you know the art of public
speaking is meant to be like a one-way
Street or a one-way conversation I think
the most like in my opinion the best
public speakers are interactive With
Their audience and it's a two-way street
where you kind of come off as relatable
and you come off as someone like them
because you don't know everything and
that is the beauty is like through their
conversations what they bring up the
questions that they have maybe their
take on on a on a question that they
have like sometimes people ask me a
question I don't know the answer to it
but I say what do you think and I hear
what they think and that's great because
now I'm kind of learning on my side too
that is the beauty of public speaking in
my opinion so um I love Q&A I love Q&A I
think it also takes me back to debate
right in debate you you realize very
quickly that the most important thing
about public speaking isn't even
speaking it's listening it's listening
to what the other side says and if you
don't do that well you're not going to
be a good debater if you don't listen to
what you know during Q&A someone's
really trying to get
and tackle the hardest version of their
question you're not going to be a very
effective public speaker you mentioned
earlier in the conversation that you've
had speeches where you come off stage
and you're like ah that wasn't maybe the
best or you know wasn't my best
performance how do you deal with that in
the moment so let's say you're on stage
maybe it's a big room with not full of
people and the energy isn't there
whatever is happening in your partway
through have you ever had to deal with
that that doubt mid
speech yeah I think so um and there's
not really much you can do right like I
think some people advise like oh get the
get the room to stand up get them to
stretch it's always great to get them to
stand up stretch kind of recalibrate and
then get them to sit down again that can
work um if things aren't going well
they're not going well right I I think
the worst thing you could do is force
humor and force energy you know what I
mean like getting people to like all
right can I get a woo and like halfway
through just to try to wake them up like
you're G to you're going to
you're that's not going to be great um I
think what you really should do is work
people up to your Tempo so even when I
start off speaking by the way it's not
like I'm coming up being like hi guys my
name's Twi like really quickly and like
very energetic like I'm not trying to do
that I'm trying to come up and just be a
little bit more candid more patient a
little bit more you know getting even
kind of my groove feeling a little bit
of like what I want to say and like
starting to remember the type of
messaging that I want to share and then
once I feel very comfortable with that
that's where you know especially after a
few people laugh couple of interactions
with the audience is when you start to
like you know ramp things up and you
start to bring people up to your energy
and you start to excite people um
sometimes it works sometimes it doesn't
again I try not to you know come off
stage saying oh it's the audience's
fault um even if you know you got a room
that's half packed you could probably
have made them laugh you could have
probably left them with something that
made them smile you could have left them
more informed you could have got them to
ask more questions if you're talk with
truly engaging so I do again try to be a
little bit more critical on my own
performances rather than just blame the
crowd um but obviously they are by the
way some situations where like even if
you gave the best talk you possibly
could and you killed it in one room
there just might be an audience in the
other room that doesn't find your talk
as appealing and that's fine you just
got to move on and keep going when it
comes to to building the actual
structure of your speech I know that you
are a writer you enjoy writing is that
part of your process I mean do you write
out the full speech and go from there no
no I typically don't write out the full
speech I think the only time I've ever
had to write out a full speech was I've
given um four tedex talks now one of
them the first one I ever did tedex made
me write out my whole speech and I hated
that the other ones by the way did not
ask for it thank God but if they had I
wouldn't have done it
um uh because yeah just fine you're so
kind of confined to what's on paper now
when you start trying to remember every
single word and you know I know people
who like they write pause and they write
like wait for laughter as like
hypernotes in their speech and I'm like
that's just so like it's so cagy it
feels like you're boxed now and you're
not able to kind of loosen up be
spontaneous a lot of my best ideas on
stage come spontaneously they just come
from a thought that I had or an
interaction I've had with someone which
sparked a memory or an experience that I
had that now I can share um so I like to
keep things a bit open-ended that being
said I do have a general structure that
I write out before and it's a couple of
bullet points um so I definitely love to
by the way write out my intro so if I
have a joke or if I have like a couple
lines I want to share at the beginning
I'll definitely write that out because
you want to start off strong and kind of
again get into that Groove as quickly as
you can and then I have like these
highle themes so like the most requested
talk that I do is is called you in it's
like a personal branding talk mixed with
entrepreneurship um so I typically then
start off talking about entrepreneurship
I talk about building a business I talk
finding your co-founder fundraising I
then talk about well what if you didn't
even want to be an entrepreneur because
the likelihood that every single person
in the audience wants to be a business
owner is very low given the talks that I
do um and so I talk about having an
entrepreneurial mindset even if you work
a corporate job how can you have an
entrepreneurial mindset what does that
look like how can it benefit you then I
transition into networking then I
transition into personal branding and I
end off with mental health which is a
more soft note to end off on that's the
general structure that I have um have
some points kind of bullet points that I
write out beforehand under each uh a lot
of interaction typically with the
organizers as well in terms of
understanding who's in the audience what
are they looking for what's their
background how old are they typically
and that'll kind of curate a little bit
of what I want to say under each bucket
but then I just go up and you know I
look back at my speeches sometimes and I
realize that yeah 20% of what I wrote
down I didn't even say and that's fine
because hopefully I replac that with
something that was a little bit more
interactive personalized you know a
little bit more spontaneous uh and and
again more personalized to the kind of
audience that I was speaking to what
about immediately pre-speech right so
you're 15 minutes before maybe you're
getting miked up or getting your
handheld mic ready to go and you're
standing to the side or or even in the
hour leading up to that I mean is there
any routine that you have do you listen
to like a PumpUp song like what is your
pre-stage routine I just talk to people
I'm really annoying backstage if there
are other keynote speakers around me or
if there's organizers around me I just
talk to them I love talking to them uh
hopefully have a couple laughs get my
energy a little bit High kind of you
know make sure that everyone backstage
is feeling positive as well because you
are a lot of times when I speak I always
feel like we're part of a team you know
you're part of this team with the people
doing lights the people on audio the
people if you have slides on AV
obviously the organizers the moderator
or the person who's going to introduce
you you want to make sure that everyone
from start to finish is amped and is
ready to go for your talk so that's what
I like doing um
I maybe drink like a sip of water right
before I go up just because I want to
make sure that I'm you know cleared my
throat fully ready to go um and then
yeah we we get we get along with it I I
love it you know and one of the easiest
by the ways ice breakers that I have is
um typically an introduction is red
right like here's who swish is blah blah
blah it's a blurb and I come out and my
first question if I really want to get
people just a little loose is well how
many people people here by a show of
hands had no idea who I was before that
intro was read and of course a majority
of people in the audience will typically
put their hand up and I'll just be like
well
um and it's a great way because you
know people immediately know that oh
this person doesn't take himself too
seriously and we're gonna you know
hopefully laugh right away which gets
the energy going a bit and I can kind of
then share it transitions well into me
then sharing a little bit more about my
background but not in a bio but more in
terms of my story growing up in
Singapore moving to Calgary where I got
the entrepreneurial bug from like the
stuff that you wouldn't hear in a bio is
what I can kind of go into as a really
good transition from there I want to
Circle back to something you mentioned
earlier in the conversation and that had
to do with the difference between
virtual or digital presentations versus
inperson on stage uh you mentioned the
challenge of of capturing the audience's
attention what other differences are
there and how do you keep the audience's
attention virtually
I am very bad when it comes to Virtual
talks and monitoring my audience I
typically on Zoom calls except for this
one by the way but typically on Zoom
calls I don't actually like seeing the
person that I'm talking to um good save
before I minimize the window and I put
it to the side and I'll put up like a
background of like leis Hamilton or
whatever something comfortable to
me and uh and I'll just do my talk so I
I think virtual talks are difficult
because you really don't know if people
enjoy your talk or not like yeah you
know there's some jokes where like
sometimes people might come off mute and
laugh but typically they don't um so I
find the only way to really judge the
success of your talk is how many
questions do you get after like because
you can't really you know again you can
see them I don't prefer to see them um
they're typically on mute so you don't
really hear from them you don't hear
their laughs you don't hear their
Chuckles you don't hear their you know
they put their hand up typically you
know I I'll obviously answer questions
throughout but normally they wait till
the very end of the talk to to ask
questions so I really only can judge
whether or not my talk landed well with
someone if I get a lot of questions
after or even if I don't get a lot of
questions if the questions I get are
very like here you said this and I want
to kind of unpack that a little bit more
so it's not vague questions it's more
like very targeted to what I've said and
people were clearly taking notes on what
I said I find that that fascinating it's
it's been interesting
I mean this is only the third interview
I've done on the series but each one
I've taken away something and just that
idea for virtual speaking CU it can be a
hang-up sometimes sometimes somebody's
on their Zoom call maybe something else
is happening and they're being erratic
waving their hands and you're it can
really throw you off probably as a
speaker I love that you just like
completely minimize it move it to the
side that's something I I might have to
do in the future I love that um I want
to come back to another thing you said
earlier in the conversation and that was
the joke about uh laziness when it comes
to public speaking uh you were on an
interview with with Sean kungo and you
were talking about maybe an opportunity
that you had to leverage these talks
more with some more short form content
however the work behind it but I did
notice on Instagram you've been sharing
a few more of these in the last couple
months is that an intentional like can
we expect to see more of that type of
content 100% 100% I I've been trying to
cut up talkx I've given now because I
find that any talk I give there are
actually like some parts of it that I'd
love for my community to see and they're
like especially the talk actually that
I'm cutting up right now is a talk on
Mental Health that I gave at an event
called up nights Toronto and it was
the first time that I publicly talked
about like my experiences with anxiety
and like in a very open vulnerable way
like a very descriptive way what I went
through you know what triggered it what
I kind of did to like combat anxiety how
I live with it today I shared kind of my
experiences with that very openly and
then I was thinking to myself I'm like
well I gave the talk and like it was
well received and you know people
enjoyed how authentic I was and how open
I was to having that dialogue but I kind
of want to have that same conversation
now online so why don't I cut up you
know parts of this talk and share it on
LinkedIn or on Instagram so that I can
continue these conversations online with
my community so that's I think what I've
been thinking a little bit more about I
it's not a full-time job in the sense of
like you know it's on like the back
burner you know I I have an editor who
I've been working with and I send them
videos from time to time I give them
timestamps they'll Co in and edit the
videos but I'm not like you know I need
this by tomorrow like it's more like
whatever you can get it to me this month
get it to me there's no problem I'm not
in a rush um because I think when it
comes to public speaking and even by the
way when it comes to social media I
become a little bit disenchanted by the
idea of like wanting to grow my
following or wanting to do even more
talks I'm very comfortable with the
amount of talks I do now every month I I
don't think I'd want to do more um I
don't think you know if given the
opportunity I'd even want to do another
tedex talk like I don't know what I
would candidly talk about that's new or
different from what I've done before um
so I feel very comfortable with where
I'm at I think that might change
obviously down the road especially again
as you know things continue to progress
with surf as hopefully the podcast grows
as I start to break out of even just
technology perhaps and do more within
the community I've been already trying
to dip my toes in through some
volunteering but like I definitely want
to do more especially in my late 20s and
30s so I do feel like maybe I'll have
that bug again of like you know I want
to now take my platform and do something
with it and be more intentional with it
but right now I I don't have that that
feeling swish we're nearing the end of
the the conversation in a second I'm
going to ask you three questions that I
intend on asking every guest of this
interview series we'll get to that in a
second but you mentioned the the podcast
there and so for the audience members
who may not be familiar with track limit
if you could give a little bit of
information on that and then as a part
two to that the question being you
mentioned you enjoy Fireside Chats
speaking in front of audiences which
that's somebody else probably
interviewing you asking you the
questions as the expert how does it
comare being on the flip side you being
the interviewer of somebody else so go
ahead I'll add to the I'll answer the
second question first it's absolute hell
it's absolute hell when I am moderating
because if you know me you know that I
going to try to respond to what you have
to say and there are a lot of times
where I I've moderated talks and they're
like you know s you really should let
your panelists like speak a little bit
more um I haven't done it in a while
actually what's interesting is being a
podcast post now has actually helped
with that I think so when we go and
interview guests Now you kind of have to
shut up uh you kind of have to let your
guest talk um yeah you can kind of
respond to what they say and there's
ways to do that there's also times to do
that so I think I've kind of learned
that by being a podcast host with some
of my friends but uh I haven't moderated
a talk in a while I just remember you
know maybe a year ago two years ago I
did it I didn't really enjoy it nor do I
really think I'm good at it so maybe
I'll come back to it down the road and
see if I'm better at it uh in terms of
the podcast track limits if you're a
motorsport fan into Formula 1 into indie
car into endurance racing uh check it
out track limits on Instagram one word
and it's a podcast that I started with
some of my best friends who were really
into Motorsport as well we wanted to get
involved in this world so we said well
why don't we pull our resources together
pull our passion together uh and go out
and travel the world and interview
drivers mechanics Engineers team bosses
uh people that work in various
departments within these teams to get to
know the sport in a more intimate way
and hopefully let our audience also get
an understanding of Formula 1 or Indie
Car in a much deeper way they ever could
so we've now done I think close to over
40 episodes or 40 guest interviews um in
over 17 countries around the world and
we're going back out to the UK mid June
to Mid July to record a few more
episodes we're currently in the midst of
season two and it's been pretty pretty
exciting I love that I love that you
went after that and the other thing I
think is cool is what you mentioned of
the fact that you pulled your resources
I mean I'm guessing off the start brand
new podcast people aren't flying you out
to these places to go do it but you kind
of
took cool equipment as well right
cameras and audio equipment everything
we brought with us traveling around and
it's been insane because I've just
learned how much work and effort goes
into making a podcast uh I think each
one of our team members has because we
all have different roles whether it's
like my friend Henny who does all the
marketing and production whether it's F
who does all the sponsorship Mikey with
the logistics and the questions for
guest me on like sourcing guest helping
with sponsorship doing the watch parties
trying to get us access for races like
each one of us has our own kind of role
but it's been cool to come together with
your best friends and build something
out of passion I love that all right on
to the final three questions question
number one who is your personal favorite
keynote speaker Sean
kungo wow I'm gonna I'm G to tag Sean in
this clip and he is going to you're
going to make his day love that he's the
best he's the best he's the goat
especially by the way I'll say one thing
during covid the fact that he went and
rented a theater and did all of his
talks out of there is like the biggest
and most badass move I've ever seen a
speaker do so big props to him 100% such
a great answer question number two what
is your most embarrassing speaking
moment uh there's two that popped up
right away uh I think number one it was
the UN youth assembly I think this would
have been like 2016 or
2017 and there are two panels that were
happening simultaneously in two
different rooms and I accidentally went
into the wrong room and sat down in the
panel and I had no idea about what
questions were being asked but like at
one point I thought I was talking about
entrepreneurship on my panel which I was
supposed to but we started talking about
like GMOs and Agriculture and I just
like looked around I'm like this is
weird like what what are they talking
about um and I think the moderators
thought that I was an audience member
like they didn't actually realize
because it was the desk were so close to
where the students were and the students
were kind of engulfing us all around
like an oval so I think she just thought
that like I was an audience member kind
of sitting near the speakers but at one
point I looked at her and I'm like hey
am I in the right room and she's like
are you a speaker you're not supposed to
be here oh my so I ended up joining the
I ended up joining the other panel like
15 minutes late but yeah that's
hilarious what was the second thing that
came to mind oh the second one came to
mind I almost fell off stage uh at a
sign Jewelers event um I was very
passionate about I guess what I was
saying and I didn't notice that the
stage was set up in a way where there
was like these two carved out holes
essentially like on the right and the
left side and i' I've known about these
coming up on stage but I guess I forgot
while I was speaking and like walking
around left to right so there was
actually a moment where my left foot I
felt it going down nothing and I looked
down and caught myself at the last
minute but I literally told everyone
that I would have had like a Travis
Scott moment I don't know if you've seen
that moment where he falls down when
he's performing with Drake it's so funny
and I almost had that moment where I
just fully fell into a hole on stage
with a bunch of jewelry Brands like
kissi and peeper Jewelers all in the
audience which which is pretty funny
those are both hilarious oh such a good
answer and the final question if you
could speak at any venue in the world
where would it
be that's a good question
um I
don't I'll give you a serious answer
I'll give you the non-serious answer
that came to my head um I think the
serious answer probably the White House
I think the White House would be a
really cool place to speak like at the
Garden The Garden of the White House
would be incredible um my not serious
answer I don't know why I thought this
my my my favorite building in Europe and
specifically in London is St Paul
Cathedral I like why don't I do a public
speaking talk there uh but I think
that'd be weird if I wasn't a priest or
if I wasn't the pope so so yeah love
those answers swish this was such a fun
conversation thank you for joining me on
this episode of keys from Keynotes
thanks for having me appreciate it